Changes to prevent the use of method find_dotenv (#429)
cognitedata/python-extractor-utils: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## 7.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 7.5.12
```
IIRC, there was a decision to keep the major version and "only" bump the minor version as this was going to be classified as a "minor update for security reasons" - Or did I misunderstand what we discussed during the stand-up @mathialo ?

### Security

> * Removed reliance on `dotenv.find_dotenv` to prevent unintentional loading of environment files. Environment variable management is now more explicit to enhance security and reduce potential misconfigurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disabled recursive search for .env file to prevent use of a potential threat vector by loading environment variables hosted in directories above the current working directory. Environment variable management is now more explicit to enhance security and reduce potential misconfigurations.
```
